css(add): contrast-color() function page (#39847)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/color_value/index.md

  - Other color spaces: {{CSSXref("color_value/color", "color()")}}.
- By using [relative color](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors/Relative_colors) syntax to output a new color based on an existing color. Any of the above color functions can take an **origin color** preceded by the `from` keyword and followed by definitions of the channel values for the new **output color**.
- By mixing two colors: {{CSSXref("color_value/color-mix", "color-mix()")}}.

> - By selecting a color with maximum contrast: {{CSSXref("color_value/contrast-color", "contrast-color()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By specifying a color that you want a contrasting color returned for: {{CSSXref("color_value/contrast-color", "contrast-color()")}}.
```
